hey Jack my name is mark friend over my
friend of gum I just went running so I'm
covered in sweet but not only am I
covered in sweet but I'm wearing my old
Taekwondo helmet you're wondering my you
killing your old gang of boob elbert
here we good today's album gas mask love
barberton Hellspawn kick so much ass
that I would be surprised if a boot
populace beer human race know what
nevermind gchat here we go what you want
you agree more
okay all right they're not a death metal
band raisin hell spawn is the project of
Charlie chainsaw British man this is
back in the early 90s late 80s I think
Charlie same saw head of zine I don't
know the name of it you can look it up
there's some hilarious fat man on the
back and I guess you could say that
Charlie his nom de plume if you will his
raison d'etre is a genetic flaw was I
guess to pump a keyboard through a lot
of distortion
so you get songs like surgery game well
with the surgery yes surgery games
listen to this one this rock your ass
ridiculous isn't it what fun I first
became aware of rancid hell spawn back
in my college days they put out an X a
CD called acts hero and there's a song I
just loved off of it called eat my shoe
so I'm going to play feel a little later
so when I saw this record in a store yes
mask love I said I'll pick that up did I
get and when I got with songs like
festering Papa a string pub I hate you
festering pub fare a stream ha I 22
festering pub this particular record i
guess you'd call an EP it has nine songs
and it's let's see six seven eight nine
about 10 minutes long okay here's
another one called autopsy women
actually here's kind of a punky one and
everyone called acting funky right
the funniest story
the most pathetic story
and hell spawn is that what time i was
in arizona and i went to a record store
and they had like every ranch at hell
spawn album on vinyl you know jumping
jack flash like all the eps all the
album there like four dollars of heat
and i saw them all and i thought well
maybe I should
I saw him I said well maybe I should buy
those then I was like well look how many
there are I guess these albums are easy
to find so rather than prompt him in my
suitcase I'll just I'll get them solid
some place in New York that was about
ten years ago I have not seen a right to
health fun album since and I'm not
necessarily recommending you you behind
if it's not like the greatest I'll never
anything it's fun and you can hear but
what I'm really
but I'm really suggesting you do is buy
every right to tell spun out and send
them all to me because I can't find him
anywhere I have some mp3 discs ilysm
the thing is supposedly this is a whole
fan it just sounds like a guy with a
keyboard and as a source of pedal to me
but I love it though rancid hell spawn
again and
now that now that you've enjoyed that
I'll play you some eat my shoe which I
only have on mp3 on my computer but i
love this on this is the song sorry i'm
pressing buttons this is the song that
got me into them in the first place it's
called eat my shoe go i push the wrong
button you're on my wig wam you're on my
horse him i actually don't even know
what he's saying there hang on
my shoe oh you you you
oh you you you wish you owe you you eat
Henry shoe oh we knew you Henry shoe oh
we knew you hey Henry shoe oh we're you
can Li Shu oh we do you you Henry shoe
oh we were you hey Henry shoe Oh will
you you you Henry shoe oh we
you you hey Henry shoe oh we do you
Henry shoe oh we knew you instant Oscar